# Wireless-Comm-Project
 (A)It is required to design using MATLAB, a simple planning tool for a service provider that
 owns 340 channels in the 900 MHz band. Your code should ask for the GOS, city area,
 user density, ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› and sectorization method. Assume blocked calls are cleared in this
 system. Then, it should produce the following design parameters:
 1) Cluster Size.
 2) Number of cells.
 3) Cell radius.
 4) Traffic intensity per cell, and traffic intensity per sector.
 5) Base station transmitted power.
 6) A plot for the MS received power in dBm versus the receiver distance from the BS.
 In your design, use the Hata model and assume urban-medium city (You can check outdoor
 propagation models). Let the effective heights of BS and MS equal 20 and 1.5 meters,
 respectively. Assume MS sensitivity equals âˆ’95 ğ‘‘ğµğ‘š, the traffic intensity per user equals
 0.025 Erlang and the path loss exponent equals 4.
 (B)To validate your planning tool and understand the trade-offs between different design
 parameters it is required for a city area equal to 100 ğ‘˜ğ‘š2 to deliver the following figures
 with reasonable comments. Each figure should contain three curves for omni-directional,
 120Â° sectorization and 60Â° sectorization designs.
 1)
 2)
 Plot the cluster size versus ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› with range from 1ğ‘‘ğµ ğ‘¡ğ‘œ 30 ğ‘‘ğµ.
 For ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› = 19ğ‘‘ğµ & user density= 1400 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2,
 (i) Plot the number of cells versus GOS (1% to 30%).
 (ii) Plot the traffic intensity per cell versus GOS (1%to 30%).
 3) At ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› = 14ğ‘‘ğµ & user density= 1400 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2,
 (i) Plot the number of cells versus GOS (1% to 30%).
 (ii) Plot the traffic intensity per cell versus GOS (1% to 30%).
 4) At ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› = 14ğ‘‘ğµ & GOS= 2%,
 (i) Plot the number of cells versus user density (100 to 2000 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2).
 (ii) Plot the cell radius versus user density (100 to 2000 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2).
 1
5) At ğ‘†ğ¼ğ‘…ğ‘šğ‘–ğ‘› = 19ğ‘‘ğµ & GOS= 2%,
 (i) Plot the number of cells versus user density (100 to 2000 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2).
 (ii) Plot the cell radius versus user density (100 to 2000 ğ‘¢ğ‘ ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘ /ğ‘˜ğ‘š2).
 Deliverables:
 Please submit a soft-copy of the following items:
 â— All MATLAB codes that produce (A) and (B). These codes have to be clear enough to be
 understood by the reader (for example, you have to use indicative variable names and use
 comments if required)
 â— Ashort report explaining the procedure you used along with the mathematical equations.
 The report should also include all the figures generated by your code and your comments
 on each figure.
